Move experimental stuff to `nk.experimental` (#976)
netket/netket: CHANGELOG.md

* In addition to nearest-neighbor edges, `Lattice` can now generate edges between next-nearest and, more generally, k-nearest neighbors via the constructor argument `max_neighbor_order`. The edges can be distinguished by their `color` property (which is used, e.g., by `GraphOperator` to apply different bond operators). [#970](https://github.com/netket/netket/pull/970)

> * A new `netket.experimental` module (hidden by default) has been created. All experimental features have been moved there. [#976](https://github.com/netket/netket/pull/976)

Reviewer: Maybe this is a bit more clear:
```suggestion
* A new `netket.experimental` submodule has been created and all experimental features have been moved there. Note that in contrast to the other `netket` submodules, `netket.experimental` is not imported by default.  [#976](https://github.com/netket/netket/pull/976)
```
